A text file is a computer file that only contains text and has no special formatting such as bold text, italic text, images, etc. With Microsoft Windows computers text files are identified with the .txt file extension, as shown in the example picture to the right.

An example of a text file and ASCII art can be seen in Kirk text file. You can click this link to open the .txt file in your browser or right-click the file to save the text file to your computer.


What is the Transcendental Meditation technique?
Transcendental Meditation is an effortless self-improvement technique that allows your mind to settle inward, beyond thinking, to experience pure awareness—the most silent and peaceful level of the mind, your innermost Self.

The technique is practiced for twenty minutes twice-daily, sitting comfortably with eyes closed. Simple, natural and easy to learn, it doesn’t require clearing your mind of thoughts or concentrating. It’s so effortless, within just a few minutes anyone can transcend or go beyond worries and agitation.

Self-Improvement: A preparation for successful activity
Adding TM practice to your daily routine, morning and evening, more than makes up for the time it takes to meditate. The TM technique refreshes a woman’s busy or over-stimulated mind. Girls practicing the technique do better at school, women become more empowered—in their professions and their day-to-day life.


Clinical research

Numerous peer-reviewed studies and scientific reviews have shown that regular TM practice leads to a wide range of personal benefits—decreased anxiety and depression, improved memory and clearer thinking, reduced high blood pressure, decreased illness, longer lifespan and more harmonious relationships.

How does TM work?
During the TM technique, the mind and body gain deep, restorative rest—much deeper than ordinary relaxation, as indicated by reduced cortisol and plasma lactate (major indicators of stress). The healing rest gained in each sitting of the TM technique allows emotional, mental and physical stress to wash away—improving overall health, well-being and behavior.

Perfect for women
TM practice creates a safe haven within that cannot be replicated in the outside world. It helps women “regroup within” and multi-task with greater ease and focus—beyond the frenzied pace that so often characterizes our lives. It helps young women deal with challenges and insecurities of adolescence, peer pressure, and self-image. And it benefits women who may be dealing with a serious illness, eating disorders or depression. It is the key to effortless serenity—a respite from the rollercoaster of life and a new avenue for self-improvement and spiritual growth.

Do you have other questions about T